package utils (#84)
raybellwaves/xskillscore: HOWTORELEASE.rst

Release Procedure
-----------------

We follow semantic versioning, e.g., v0.0.x. 

> #. Create a new branch ``release-vX.x.x`` with the version for the release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Create a new branch ``release-v0.0.x`` with the version for the release.
```
I'm fine with keeping it at 0.0.x.

 * Update `CHANGELOG.rst`
 * Make sure all new changes, features are reflected in the documentation.

#. Open a new pull request for this branch targeting `master`

#. After all tests pass and the PR has been approved, merge the PR into ``master``

#. Tag a release and push to github::

    $ git tag -a v0.0.x -m "Version 0.0.x"
    $ git push origin master --tags

#. Build and publish release on PyPI::

    $ git clean -xfd  # remove any files not checked into git
    $ python setup.py sdist bdist_wheel --universal  # build package
    $ twine upload dist/*  # register and push to pypi

#. Update the stable branch (used by ReadTheDocs)::

    $ git checkout stable
    $ git rebase master
    $ git push -f origin stable
    $ git checkout master

#. Go to https://readthedocs.org and add the new version to "Active Versions"

>    under the version tab. Force-build "stable" if it isn't already building.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
can leave out for now
